General Science
 1 / 8




2 / 8




3 / 8




4 / 8




5 / 8




6 / 8

EEE


7 / 8

 


8 / 8
 Government Engineering College Palakkad, Sreekrishnapuram is a premier educational institute established in 1999. It is situated in Palakkad district of Kerala. The college is fully owned by Govt.of Kerala and is under the Directorate of Technical Education, Kerala. GEC Sreekrishnapuram is approved by the AICTE and is affiliated to APJ Abdul kalam Technological University (from 2015 onwards)
                                                
                                                The college offers full-time B.Tech programmes in the following 6 Engieering branches:1. Computer Science and Engineering, 2. Electronics and Communication Engineering, 3. Information Technology 4. Mechanical Engineering, 5. Electrical and Electronics Engineering and 6. Civil Engineering College offers an M.Tech course in Computational Linguistics in the Department of Computer Science & Engineering, M.Tech in Robotics in the Department of Mechanical Engieering and M.Tech in Electrical Drives And Control in the Department of Electrical and Electronics Engineering. Institution offers PhD under KTU since 2016 onwards in various departments.
Read more...
  How to reach GEC Palakkad
 Warm Greetings!
                                    Fresh hopes of a bright future keep us going in the post-pandemic era. Lessons leart well should make us better citizens who are responsible towards nature and fellow beings. Being one of the worst affected segments by COVID-19, the technical education sector should take up the duty of exploring various means of technological interventions to improve quality of life and to reducing human suffering. Typical domains are agriculture and healthcare in the country. Collaboration among different knowledge systems is essential to make the country reach among the best in the world.. ...
 AICTE Mandatory Disclosure
Online Grievance Submission
National Innovation and Startup Policy
Placement
Research and Publications
Digital Library
Achievements
Rank Holders
Tenders & Quotation
Audit Reports
Alumni Portal
KTU Portal
DTE Kerala
How to Reach GEC Palakkad
 